MTK - 55.7.0 release branch (#5081)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/migration_toolkit/55/02_supported_operating_systems_and_database_versions.mdx

-   (Sybase) SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise 15.7
-   (Sybase) SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise 16.0

!!! Note
All the PostgreSQL and EDB Postgres Advanced Server versions available as BigAnimal single-node, primary/standby high-availability, and distributed high-availability cluster types are also supported for use with Migration Toolkit. See the BigAnimal (EDB’s managed database cloud service) [documentation](/biganimal/latest) for more information about BigAnimal’s [supported cluster types](/biganimal/latest/overview/02_high_availability/). See the [database version policy documentation](/biganimal/latest/overview/05_database_version_policy/) for the versions of PostgreSQL and EDB Postgres Advanced Server available in BigAnimal.

The superuser role isn't available in BigAnimal EDB Postgres Advanced Server distributed high-availability cluster databases. As a result, the following Migration Toolkit capabilities that require superuser access aren't supported when targeting BigAnimal distributed high-availability clusters:

> - the `-copyViaDBLinkOra` option that enables data migration using db_link_ora extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `-copyViaDBLinkOra` option that enables data migration using the db_link_ora extension
```

> - the Oracle compatible SQL command `CREATE DATABASE LINK`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Oracle-compatible SQL command `CREATE DATABASE LINK`
```

!!!

Contact your EnterpriseDB Account Manager or [sales@enterprisedb.com](mailto:sales@enterprisedb.com) if you require support for other database products.

!!! Note

> The Migration Toolkit isn't tested with and doesn't officially support use with Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) and Exadata. However, Migration Toolkit might work when it is connected to a single persistent node. For more information, contact your EDB representative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Migration Toolkit isn't tested with and doesn't officially support use with Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) and Exadata. However, Migration Toolkit might work when it's connected to a single persistent node. For more information, contact your EDB representative.
```
